kubectl apply -f discovery-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f discovery-server-service.yaml

kubectl apply -f config-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f config-server-service.yaml

kubectl apply -f api-gateway-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f api-gateway-service.yaml

kubectl apply -f customers-service-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f customers-service-service.yaml

kubectl apply -f visits-service-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f visits-service-service.yaml

kubectl apply -f vets-service-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f vets-service-service.yaml


kubectl apply -f tracing-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f tracing-server-service.yaml

kubectl apply -f admin-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f admin-server-service.yaml

kubectl apply -f grafana-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f grafana-server-service.yaml

kubectl apply -f prometheus-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f prometheus-server-service.yaml



kubectl delete -f discovery-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f discovery-server-service.yaml

kubectl delete -f config-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f config-server-service.yaml

kubectl delete -f api-gateway-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f api-gateway-service.yaml

kubectl delete -f customers-service-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f customers-service-service.yaml

kubectl delete -f visits-service-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f visits-service-service.yaml

kubectl delete -f vets-service-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f vets-service-service.yaml


kubectl delete -f tracing-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f tracing-server-service.yaml

kubectl delete -f admin-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f admin-server-service.yaml

kubectl delete -f grafana-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f grafana-server-service.yaml

kubectl delete -f prometheus-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f prometheus-server-service.yaml


kubectl apply -f config-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f discovery-server-deployment.yaml

kubectl apply -f admin-server-deployment.yaml

kubectl apply -f tracing-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f prometheus-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f grafana-server-deployment.yaml


kubectl apply -f customers-service-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f visits-service-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f vets-service-deployment.yaml

kubectl apply -f api-gateway-deployment.yaml

kubectl delete -f config-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f discovery-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f api-gateway-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f customers-service-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f visits-service-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f vets-service-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f tracing-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f admin-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f grafana-server-deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f prometheus-server-deployment.yaml
